Update no-verification-disposable-emails.md (#6548)
github/docs: data/reusables/user_settings/no-verification-disposable-emails.md

> You cannot verify email addresses from disposable email address services (service that allows to receive email at a temporary address that self-destructs after a certain time elapses). If you'd like to keep your email address private, you can use a {% data variables.product.product_name %}-provided `noreply` email address. For more information, see "[Setting your commit email address on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/setting-your-commit-email-address#setting-your-commit-email-address-on-github)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot verify email addresses from disposable email address services (services that allow you to receive email at a temporary address that expires after a certain time). If you'd like to keep your email address private, you can use a {% data variables.product.product_name %}-provided `noreply` email address. For more information, see "[Setting your commit email address on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}](/articles/setting-your-commit-email-address#setting-your-commit-email-address-on-github)."
```
